Codu is fond of vehicle numbers.Codu wants to compute the number of vehicles can be registered in his state. 
A vehicle normally has a registration number ST 01 AB 1234. Each registration number has four parts, separated by
spaces.The first part has two letters common for all cars in the state.The next two digit number is the number
of the district were the car is registered within the state.It is always two digits, and may have a leading zero.
After that, the next part consists of two letters (AB) denoting the series and the last part is a 4 digit number
(this will always be four digits,even if it has leading zeroes). The entire registration number is unique to each
vehicle.You have been given the number of districts in state and a range of letters and a set of digits that can 
be used for forming a vehicle registration number. You need to find the maximum number of vehicles that can be
registered in the state with non special numbers,subject to the rules.

The state has identified some numbers as special, und will not be issued normally, but will only be available by
auction. In these plates, the last part (consisting of four digits) has three or more repetitions of one digit
such as 0001, 0000, 0100, 2212.... so on. The output should consist of the maximum number of vehicles that can be
registered in the state with non special numbers

Input

The input has three lines

The first line contains an integer denoting the number of districts in the state.

The second line contains two space separated character denoting the range of letters that can be used for the
third part. For example, if the input says B F, any of the letters B,C,D,E, or F may be used in any combination
for the third part.

The third line contains space separated integers denoting the range of digits that can be used in the fourth part.
For example, if the line contains 1 4,any of the digits 1,2,3 or 4 may be used in any order for the last part
(repetitions are allowed but no special numbers may be counted)

Output

print the total number of vehicles that can be registered in the state with no-special numbers.


Example 1:

input

1

A B

0 1

output

24

Explanation:

Here,only one state is present.Hence,number plate starts from ST 01 AA 0000,ST 01 AA 0001 etc.However,we need
to exclude auction-able numbers.After doing so the overall count of non-special vehicle registartion numbers
remain 24. For example ST 01 AA 0011,ST 01 AA 0110....so on


Example 2:

input

2

A C

1 2

output

108
